[Dashboard] Add explicit base image (#3917)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/tasks/configuring-a-platform.md

  ]'
```

<a id="base-images"></a>
### Base Images (`baseImages`)

The `baseImages` configuration allows you to override the default base images used for building function processor images on a per-runtime basis.
This is useful when you need to use custom base images, such as in air-gapped environments or when using private registries.

The configuration is a map where:
- **Key**: Runtime name (e.g., `python`, `nodejs`) or runtime name with version (e.g., `python:3.12`, `nodejs:20`)
- **Value**: The base image to use for that runtime

> When both a version-specific key (e.g., `golang:1.21`) and a runtime-name-only key (e.g., `golang`) are present, the version-specific key takes precedence.

Reviewer: it makes an impression that we support golang versioning the same way we do with python, which is not true. Let's change example to use python

Author: Fixed here [CR 1 - documentation](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3917/commits/e90be94614b806b65455ca6916f384c079271228)

Example:
```yaml
baseImages:
  nodejs: "custom-registry.io/node:20"

>   golang:1.21: "custom-registry.io/golang:1.21"

Reviewer: sam here

Author: Fixed here [CR 1 - documentation](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3917/commits/e90be94614b806b65455ca6916f384c079271228)

  golang: "custom-registry.io/golang:latest"
```

In this example:
- All Node.js functions will use `custom-registry.io/node:20` by default
- Go 1.21 functions will specifically use `custom-registry.io/golang:1.21` (version-specific override takes precedence)
- Other Go functions (without a version-specific match) will use `custom-registry.io/golang:latest` (the general `golang` setting)

Best practice example with explicit versions:
```yaml
baseImages:

>   nodejs:20: "custom-registry.io/node:20"

Reviewer: we don't really allow specifying a specific version of nodejs or any other runtime other than python in `spec.runtime`. furthermore, specifically with nodejs, we use `v20` by default, and I don't know how it will behave with another version (which is out of scope for this pr), because of the dependencies and other fluff. 

With golang, it doesn't make sense to specify a specific version as it will anyway run with a version that we have in nuclio processor. I think this should be reflected here. I'd say that we recommend specifying a versioned name only for python.

Author: Fixed here [CR 1 - documentation](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3917/commits/e90be94614b806b65455ca6916f384c079271228)

  nodejs:22: "custom-registry.io/node:22"
  golang:1.21: "custom-registry.io/golang:1.21"
  golang:1.22: "custom-registry.io/golang:1.22"
  python:3.12: "custom-registry.io/python:3.12"
  python:3.11: "custom-registry.io/python:3.11"
```

If a runtime is not specified in the `baseImages` map, Nuclio will use the default base image for that runtime.

> **Note:** We recommend using explicit version-specific keys (e.g., `nodejs:20`, `python:3.12`) instead of runtime-name-only keys (e.g., `nodejs`, `python`). When using a runtime-name-only key, function updates may result in unexpected base image changes. For example, if the default base image for Node.js is `node:20` and you configure `baseImages: { nodejs: "node:22" }`, when you update a function, it will be rebuilt with `node:22` instead of the original `node:20`, since there is no per-version explicit configuration in the `baseImages` map.

> > **Important - Python Version Compatibility:** Python base images are **not backward compatible** across versions. Each Python version has its own wheel files (`.whl`), which are breaking compatible. Therefore, **avoid using a default Python base image** (i.e., `python` without a version). Always specify explicit Python versions (e.g., `python:3.12`, `python:3.11`). If you provide a generic `python` key, Nuclio will automatically migrate it to `python:3.12` (the current default Python version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important - Python Version Compatibility:** Python base images are **not backward compatible** across versions. Each Python version requires its own wheel (.whl) files, and these wheels are not compatible across different Python versions.. Therefore, **avoid using a default Python base image** (i.e., `python` without a version). Always specify explicit Python versions (e.g., `python:3.12`, `python:3.11`). If you provide a generic `python` key, Nuclio will automatically migrate it to `python:3.12` (the current default Python version).
```

Author: Fixed here [CR 1 - documentation](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3917/commits/e90be94614b806b65455ca6916f384c079271228)
